Recommended change to Section 7.6 Paragraph 2 (#23)
rfc-editor/draft-ietf-tls-subcerts: draft-ietf-tls-subcerts.md

When (D)TLS 1.2 servers support RSA key exchange, they may be vulnerable to attacks
that allow forging an RSA signature over an arbitrary message [BLEI].

> TLS 1.2 {{?RFC5246}} describes a mitigation
> strategy requiring careful implementation of timing-resistant
> countermeasures for preventing these attacks.  (See Section 7.4.7.1
> of [RFC5246].)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TLS 1.2 specification describes a strategy for preventing these attacks
 that requires careful implementation of timing-resistant countermeasures.
(See {{Section 7.4.7.1 of RFC5246}}.)
```

We only need one citation, and I think the rewording is clearer.
